Fix | band layout (#470)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: CHANGELOG-prerelease.md

> - []() fix: adding a mutation observer to pfe-content-set so it works in Angular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [732ca3e](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/732ca3e6b3a5ba5756bcdd9696c05e7b1f9ed8be) fix: adding a mutation observer to pfe-content-set so it works in Angular
- [5ca613d](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/5ca613d255f337abf84768fa1b965a52c785ac50) feat: adding a schema to pfe-icon-panel #572
- [79614bc](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/79614bca9d3158b2c367251b1b17af6666894e27) fix: pfe-card cta alignment #560
- [](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/) pfe-band layout rendering fix for bug in IE and Edge
```

- [d4600dd](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/d4600dd1c6e2abfcf8918d06b4eaacb8fb62d208) Add automatic Sass globbing to pfe-sass
- [27a97e1](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/27a97e135986de37ede55504a1630bf974de0e0c) pfe-cta: fix functions & IE11 accessibility
- []() Upgrade to latest version of storybook #366

> - [US212678](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/pull/470)pfe-band layout rendering fix for bug in IE and Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/commit/) pfe-band layout rendering fix for bug in IE and Edge
```

This should actually be the commit hash and not the pull request.

Reviewer: (You won't have the commit hash until after it's merged.)
